Edit view command (#108)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### View Schedule Feature

#### Implementation

> To implement `viewSchedule`, we made a new `FilteredList<Person>` object called `viewedPerson` in `ModelManager` to store the persons that we want to show.

Reviewer: I think we can omit the names of the objects themselves, since we want to explain the higher level details first before moving to the details later on. Otherwise the reader may be confused at the start as to what `viewSchedule` and `viewedPerson` is. Maybe we can just explain in layman terms, something like "To allow users to view their contacts' schedules, we made a new `FilteredList<Person>` object in `ModelManager` to store ...

> Moreover, we created `PersonViewPanel.java`, `PersonViewCard.java`, and their respective `.fxml` files so it will be 

Reviewer: Remember to update the DG

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### View Person Feature

#### Implementation

> To make the GUI cleaner and simpler, we decided not to display the schedule of each person in the person list.

Reviewer: Would this part be better placed under design considerations rather than implementation?

Reviewer 2: I agree with Yan Han on this point.

Instead, we made another panel on the right that will display the schedule of each person upon calling the function View.

To do this, we made a new `FilteredList<Person>` object called `ViewedPersonList` in `ModelManager` to store the persons that we want to show.
Moreover, we created `PersonViewPanel.java`, `PersonViewCard.java`, and their respective `.fxml` files so it will be 
easier to maintain or develop.

> Overall, how this command works is similar to a combination of `delete` and `find`, in which we only take a particular index
> as input, and we filter the `ViewPersonList` by some criteria.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Overall, how this command works is similar to a combination of `find` and `delete`, in which we only take an index as input, and we retrieve information based on the filtered list.
```
I think we should mention it based on the order we call the command. Also, filter by some criteria is not very clear.

The parsing of the view command is handled by the following classes:
* `AddressBookParser`
    * Checks that the user input contains the ViewCommand.COMMAND_WORD and calls `ViewCommand#parse()`
* `ViewCommandParser`
    * Parses the user input to create an `Index` of the person to view.
    * Returns a `ViewCommand` to be executed by the `LogicManager`
    * In case of invalid index, it will be handled by the `ViewCommand` upon execution.

A successful execution of the **view** command is described as follows:
1. The `ViewCommand` retrieves the currently listed `Person`'s from the `Model`.
2. The `personToView` is obtained from the above list using the `Index` created during the parsing of the view command.
3. `ViewCommand` creates a new `SamePersonPredicate` that returns `True` only if the tested `Person` equals to `personToView`.
4. `ViewCommand` updates the `Model`'s `ViewedPersonList` by parsing in the `SamePersonPredicate`.
5. `ViewCommand` constructs the `CommandResult` and returns it to the `LogicManager`.
6. The GUI will be updated accordingly.

<img src="images/ViewSequenceDiagram.png" />

#### Design Considerations
##### ViewedPersonList Object Type

> * **Alternative 1 (current choice):** FilteredList

Reviewer 2: I think we should describe the alternative a bit more. 
eg.
Alternative 1: Get information based on index of filtered list.
Alternative 2: ??
Actually.. I can't come up with an example, not sure what the consideration is.

    * Pros: Easier to implement, easier to develop if in the future we want to display more than one Person.
    * Cons: Not intuitive since now the view command only support viewing one Person.
* **Alternative 2:** Person
    * Pros: More intuitive because it **is** the displayed Person.
    * Cons: Can only view one Person at any time, need to change the implementation when developer wants to
  display more than one Person.
##### Displayed Attributes

> * **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Name, Phone, Schedule; No Schedule on Person List

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Display required attributes like Name, Phone and Schedule
```
